\section{Related Works}
%Related work, which discusses the current state of the art that you intend to build upon.
There is significant work on application level behaviors
\cite{verkaik2009softspeak}, environmental interference
(\cite{kamerman1997microwave}, \cite{golmie2003interference},
\cite{shin2007mutual}, \cite{gummadi2007understanding}, etc), multiple
% Note check out gummadi2007understanding for ideas
crowded WAPs \cite{fuxjager2007myth} with 802.11a/b/g/n, and 802.11g/n
co-existing with other 2.4GHz systems \cite{petrova2007interference}.

There is comparatively little real-world work with 802.11ac, as
clients and APs are only just becoming available. Current work
includes a single significant effort on real-world 802.11ac
performance indoors \cite{dianu2014measurement},the quite
comprehensive \cite{zeng2014first} and a large number of simulation
papers (\cite{bellalta2012performance}, \cite{ong2011ieee},
\cite{redieteab2012mu} , etc). The only real benchmarking is in
\cite{zeng2014first} and does include most of the topics we want to
explore. However, they don't fully explore the effects of a very
crowded 802.11a/b/g/n space on 802.11ac performance, or the effect of
802.11ac on b/g/n performance. The above two papers are the only
real-world tests we know of (these only just started appearing
mid-2014), and we are not aware of any significant work on 802.11ac
and a/b/g/n interactions with real-world testing in the academic
literature.
