\section{Resources}

At current, we have access to two 802.11AC WAPs (although one is
running the internet at Sean's house, and can't be moved too
frequently). Additionally, we have a number of devices that can act as
802.11AC clients, including a Macbook Pro, a Microsoft Surface Pro 3,
and two mobile devices, an iPhone 6 and an Android OnePlus
One. Through these devices would be sufficient to test a small level
of congestion for two networks, we would like to test congestion
across multiple networks from several WAPs, so additional 802.11AC
capable WAPs would be required. Additionally, if we wish to test
multiple beamforming setups, we will require more APs, since none of
our clients (to the best of our knowledge) support outbound
beamforming. To measure interference between 802.11b/g/n and AC, we
have several g/n APs available, as well as testing at UCSD in various
buildings.

Ideally, we would purchase at least one USB 802.11AC dongle
(\$20-\$50) and another 802.11AC access point (\$50-\$200). This would
allow us to test interference from multiple 802.11AC networks on each
other, as well as on 802.11b/g/n. We are also interested in working
with some of the 802.11 testbed hardware used in Patrick Verkaik's
work (ie \cite{kandula2009detailed}) if it is available. One of our
first tasks will be to evaluate what is actually feasible with the
equipment we end up with.
