\section{Methodology}

We tested various devices against our 802.11ac WAP in both clear and RF-noisy
environments. We originally planned to measure the differences between several
different MCSs, on both 80MHz and 40MHz, and the effects of MU-MIMO and
beamforming on a connection. Unfortunately, due to hardware limitations, we were
only able to test 80 MHz vs 40MHz, and monitor some beamforming and MCS activity
without influencing or selecting it.

\subsection{Devices}

\paragraph{RF Test Equipment}

We used a spectrum analyzer that is capable of monitoring 2.4GHz and 5GHz WiFi
signals allowing us to see all RF traffic in there spectrums beyond just WiFi.
We used it to observe active networks and to confirm that our clear testing
location had minimal to no RF noise.

\paragraph{Wireless APs}

Our WAP was the latest hardware model of the Linksys WRT1900AC 802.11ac,
with a 1.2 GHz dual core ARM processor and 256MB of DDR3 RAM. We originally
installed OpenWRT Chaos Calmer (Dev Branch) on the AP, because we believed it
would give us complete configuration control and insight into what the AP is
doing. Unfortunately, after many tests, we determined that bugs or
inefficiencies in the OpenWRT firmware were causing issues with our throughput
numbers, and we restored the original Linksys stock firmware to the device.
After doing so, our results returned to the expected levels for throughput.

\paragraph{Clients}

We used a number of devices as 802.11ac clients, including an Apple Macbook Pro,
a Microsoft Surface Pro 3, and a Lenovo \todo{???} with a Intel \todo{???} PCIe
802.11ac capable wifi card installed.

We also purchased an ASUS USB 801.11ac dongle so that we could
utilize any other non-ac host as an ac host for testing. However after a small
number of tests, the ASUS dongle failed.

\subsection{Testing}

\paragraph{Setup}
To run our tests, we connected one computer via ethernet cable to the AP, and
then connected the device we were testing over 802.11ac wireless. We would then
run an iperf version 2 \todo{more specific} server on the wireless client, and
an iperf client on the hardwired device. This way the flow of data over wifi
would be from the router to the wireless client. For a majority of our tests, we
did four transfers of 250MB, though for some tests, we did one transfer lasting
100 seconds. For a majority of tests, we captured packets either on the device
doing the transfer itself, or on a nearby device using monitor mode.

\paragraph{Locations}
We wanted to perform our tests in both RF-clear and RF-noisy environments. For
the noisy environment, we used our offices in the CSE building, which are
surrounding by 802.11b/g/n/ac APs and devices. For the clear environment, we
performed initial promising tests in the basement level of the Hopkins parking
structure, however we were concerned that the low concrete beams in the ceiling
could be inadvertently effecting our results. We then moved out to the parking
lot behind the Torrey Pines glider port. Here we had a wide open space with no
RF-interference according to our spectrum analyzer.


\paragraph{Indoor}
In the office, we set the WAP at a fixed point, and then measured out 5, 10 and
15ft increments from the device for initial tests. We then moved our clients out
into the hallway, so the signal had to travel through a single wall. Into the
kitchen, so the signal had to travel through two walls, and then on the other
side of the building, so the signal had to travel through several walls and
devices. We tested each of our devices with the WAP set to both 80MHz and 40MHz.
However, we were unable to force the WAP or any of the clients to stick to a
single MCS, and we were unable to disable or influence beamforming on any of the
clients.

\paragraph{Clear}
Out at the glider port, we measured out several different distances from the
router and ran tests from there. Because of the size of the parking lot, we were
able to run tests much further away from the router here than in the office.

\paragraph{ \todo{title this better} Things we measured }
We tested each of our devices with the WAP set to both 80MHz and 40MHz.
However, we were unable to force the WAP or any of the clients to stick to a
single MCS, and we were unable to disable or influence beamforming on any of the
clients...

\todo{ not done yet }


